THIRD_PARTY_FILES.md, before:

The following parts of CN LSP Server contain new code released under the
BSD 2-Clause License:
* `src/cn.ml`

All other parts on CN LSP Server are released under a mixed BSD-2-Clause
and ISC license.

ISC License

Copyright (X) 2018-2019, the [ocaml-lsp
contributors](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml-lsp/graphs/contributors)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Clarify HOW licences are mixed for other code

THIRD_PARTY_FILES.md, after:

The following parts of CN LSP Server contain new code released under the
BSD 2-Clause License:
* `src/cn.ml`

All other parts involve adapted code, with the new code subject to the
above BSD 2-Clause licence and the original code subject to its ISC
licence.

ISC License

Copyright (X) 2018-2019, the [ocaml-lsp
contributors](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml-lsp/graphs/contributors)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
